So, I'm going to jump right in. Is that okay?
That's okay?
Go for it.
Okay.
We can only be pretend Buddhists for so long.
I thought I'd be able to talk about responsibility.
So, the thing about going in the deep end is you actually have to let yourself go in the
deep end.
And that's how we get free.
The dhamma is so deep and it's so, it's so kind.
The nature is so kind. Tara is so kind. Our teachers are so kind.
They're not going to force us to do anything. They're going to say, "Here's the next step.
The big door." And it's completely up to us to keep going. And that's what a healthy
lineage does. And that's what a healthy teacher-student relationship empowers. And that's who our
kind
of teachers are. We have everything. We don't need all of interdependence to understand
interdependence. We need a clear, reliable way to take the next step, to just let Tara
be Tara. Let ourselves be ourselves. Let the nature do what the nature does. And it's totally
up to us. It is totally up to us. And it's always been like that. And maybe this time,
maybe this time, we can really bravely, beautifully, powerfully, humbly, really let ourselves m
ingle
with the Dharma. What power, what bravery, you know. Receive the blessings and let the
blessings do what the blessings do. Let Tara do what Tara does. Let our nature do what our
nature does and just let it happen. I've remembered so many times Diane. Let go. You ever been
in a Shrivasana session? Okay. I got limber. I got loose. Now I just get to be with what opened. So
the moment of death is like that, except it's not curated by a lovely, loving, supportive,
nurtured, pretty music, good posture, everyone around the exact way we want it. It's not going
to happen for almost any of us like that. It's just not how it actually happens for
people usually. It's just not like that. Why? Because we just don't get to control it. It's
the moment that we just don't get to control. At that point, we don't get to tell Tara what to do.
We got to give it up. And if we want to see what that's like, we get the chance to see that every
single day. And we can do it really practically, really practically. Okay. I mean, we can do it
today. We can do it tomorrow. So what's a practical way? Sit on your cushion. Put your timer on on
your phone in the other room. Set it for one hour. Start. And for that hour, don't move.
Don't scratch. Try not to blink. Don't wiggle. Don't stretch. Don't play. Don't open. Don't
move. One hour. And we'll get to see how much we want to control Tara. We'll just see. It's a very
practical, grounded, direct thing like, okay, when we're dying, and things are kind of like wobbly,
and wiggly, and hot, and...